{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Exercise 2.2\
\
"Ticket price: 500 cents. Your total is 900."\
\
Exercise 2.3\
\
Yes the machine continues to take money, but never gives a ticket and it continues to add to the total. I do not receive a refund it continues to add on to the inserted money. It still adds to the total balance.\
\
Exercise 2.4\
\
I believe I have a good understanding\
\
Exercise 2.5\
\
No the code still doesn't look any different\
\
Exercise 2.6\
\
public class Student and public class LabClass\
\
Exercise 2.7\
\
Yes it does, the error message states the identifier is missing. Yes I notice the change in the class diagram.\
No, I think the error message should clarify what is missing from the section like state the identifier as public or private.\
\
Exercise 2.8 \
\
It is possible to leave out the word public and keep running, but public is important for any other class to use the codes.\
\
Exercise 2.9\
\
Constructors do not return anything and are usually named after the public class name. Like TicketMachine in this example. Fields are any variables set equal to something, like balance = 0 or total = total + balance. Methods are any codes that have a return or will change something in the code. For example public string printTicket() is a method it will affect the total in the code and increase the ticket number.\
\
Exercise 2.10\
\
Yes, the constructor does not return any value.\
\
Exercise 2.11\
Types are next to the private or public\
Private int count; int\
Private Student representative; Student\
Private Server host; Server\
\
Exercise 2.12\
Names are after the identifier\
Private boolean alive; alive\
Private Person tutor; tutor\
Private Game game; game\
\
Exercise	2.13\
\
Yes, the private must be before int. There are error message it is missing the identifier\
\
Exercise 2.14\
\
Yes, you always need a semicolon	\
\
Exercise 2.15\
\
Private int status}